ni
goo
oni
me
Yes it is the hamburger lovers of bought-chan Yes Kyogen Hello everybody
How about everyone on the weekend and the width is good
I bought a good one, but I bought a new product today so I bought one
Was
Chisseki Furyochi Tsukimi Twister
Your throne tree too much
The
I will eat this today
When I open it in such a feeling, it is a wrap type of the feeling that the hard- boiled egg is already taken and it feels like broken
It is in the sand
As after Le tiers and I opened the medium has crispy is entered in the guinea of soft-boiled egg
In the dough
It was sunny, but the vegetables are a little cabbage.
Hmm
Oh eggs Once again I It 's dangerous this return yourself N to soft-boiled mature their school 10th Nin'nin
Tara N School Amaha this dangerous
The degree of egg ripeness is no longer comparable to McDonald's
It is too ripe
The source of the medium in a great ass nitrous This Truly delicious and eggs because the soft-boiled a little
Source production of Japanese-style taste of spicy
pa N
Daa ah ah ah
Delicious much be delicious this best of the contents hamburger Week
management
Eggs look like mode on center
As there was an airport in it, I did not set it, but I made it from the set
Melon was consulted
Jaaaaaa
Yeah that there is great I eggs
A little Japanese-style It is amazing more Do not thing that the first half of sweat only contains
Boy source makes you feel like this open ridge Tyrol
University Institute chroma biscuits containing
I will feel the age of autumn
I feel like a eating a question ingestion clouds brewing Stick Boy or also good sweet potato
It seems delicious midsummer
Be what Kako of spin Mitsui star was the most delicious in the exhaustion of hamburger wig
May
It was a feast
Soft-boiled amazing is better to introduce the twister month's Kenta t today by saying yes
People who do the most delicious much was delicious although in is your weekend
Thank you for watching by how you go to eat by all means channel
Registration style
This Are you sure you want to give me a comment
Suka Bader Baby
Clippy also increased
eh